fix: deprecating the default db value in production mode (#35674)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_1_0.adoc

This lists functionality that continues to work as before in this release, but will be removed in a future major release.

=== Default `db` option for production deprecated.

> The default value for the `db` option (`dev-file`) is now deprecated in production profiles. For `build` or non-optimized `start` and non-server commands `import`, `export`, or `bootstrap-admin` in the production profile, a value should be explicitly supplied. This is to prevent the unintentional usage of the `dev-file` (H2) database in a production environment, which is typically indicative of a misconfiguration.

Reviewer: Maybe we could make it a bit more explicit what the intentions here are.
```suggestion
In previous releases, the `db` option defaulted to `dev-file` both in production (`start`) and development (`start-dev`) modes while `dev-file` has never been supported in the production mode. In this release, we have deprecated this behaviour and in some future release the `db` option won't default to `dev-file` in production mode. For `build` or non-optimized `start` and non-server commands `import`, `export`, or `bootstrap-admin` in the production profile, a value should be explicitly supplied. This is to prevent the unintentional usage of the `dev-file` (H2) database in a production environment, which is typically indicative of a misconfiguration.
```
